Hello my name is Pau González and I am studying the last course of web application design.
Last year I finished the multiplatform app and I'm going to explain a little bit about how to get around this page.
Here in the navigation bar you can click on the icon and it returns you to this page.
Then you have different sections where you can move through this entire page.
And then you have a button that says CV with which you can download my resume.
And a configuration section where you can change both the language and the theme of the page to dark mode.
Another curiosity is that if you click on the large logo, this one above will also change.
And to end here in the video next to it there are three dots that if you press you can activate the subtitles for this video.
I leave you here a couple of options for you to see a couple of micro presentations that I made this year that I think are very interesting.
Let's see what you think